How To Scrape Rightmove
===

**PRE-ALPHA RELEASE, use at your own risk.**

Make sure you have RabbitMQ installed and working. It's used as a queue to enable multiple
agent or listing scrapers to work simultaneously. When scanning locally, 3 or 4
agent/listing scapers seem to work the fastest. Also, keep in mind that geo
lookups may be rate-limited as well as have daily caps, so you may need to slow scrapers down. They are also rather fragile, so they can and will crash.

1. Start the postcode scraper by running either agent_postcode_scraper.rb
    or postcode_crawler.rb
    
    You should now be able to see the queue filling with agents/listings. Default RabbitMQ
   admin url is http://localhost:15672/ Since the scraper is currently unable to recover
   from non-standard sites, threads may crash and the script will freeze before finishing.
   Fix it!

2. Start individual listing/agent scrapers by running either agent_scraper.rb
    or listing_crawler.rb
    
    You can see the throughput in the RabbitMQ admin page. Keep an eye on the log for geo-lookup related problems.

3. Profit... or more likely an incomplete run. Use agent_scraper.rb and listing_crawler.rb to figure out crashes. Both have a sample in the end of the file of how to debug indivdual urls.


How To Build Wrongmove
===

Use Hammer (http://hammerformac.com/) and point it to the /plugin path and let it do it's magic. It combines the necessary files beginning with _ into complete files that can be used as a bookmark or as the plugin. Would be fun if you could build it from command line.